Hello friends, my name is Anil Rajpurohit and today I am presenting to you
the industry's van of d unique product ICICI Prudential's Gold
Plan which was launched on 19 January 2023. This kind of product
is with only one company in the industry whose name is LIC and the name of the product is LIC Jeevan
Umang. Like Jeevan Umang, the policy runs for 100 years, guaranteed income comes and
bonus also comes, this plan is also in the same way, but it has some extra additional
features which Jeevan Umang and no other company have, for example, in
Jeevan Umang you have to make premium payment for a minimum of 15 years, here
you can make premium payment according to your convenience, if
the child is 1 year or 2 years old in the family, you have to make premium payment for 30 years and
after 30 years you get income, but the most unique thing here is that you
can get income from the first month, for example, if you have paid premium in January If you want to purchase in 2030
and you want to take income starting from monthly mode, then you
will start getting income from January sorry February 2023 and if you want to take income in annual mode, then
your income will start from February 2024, so this is a good feature that you
can start income from the first month itself, you do not need to wait for 15 years, 20 years, 30 years. Secondly,
if you do not want to take income all at once, then you can also delay it. Thirdly,
in Unit LIC, you get maturity 100 years before, here you
can select any year between 85 to 100 years.
You can see whether you want maturity at 85 or 90 or 100. Apart from this,
if you want to set the premium off, you can also do that, that I don't have to
pay, sorry
[music] I take,
so you have been paying the first year's income from the premium, you can
also pay the premium from that income. If you can upset me then watch this video of mine completely. I
have also explained illustrations for you at the end of the video. You should also watch the full listing and if you
like the video, then do subscribe to my YouTube channel Anil Rajpurohit FFFS.
So you start with
how the immediate income plan will work. In this, first of all you will get guaranteed income and you
will also get bonus, that too for whole life. In lump sum, you will also get maturity,
both guaranteed and bonus, and you can choose the maturity as per your requirement. If
you want maturity anytime between 85 to 100 years, that brother, I
want a plan with a maturity of 85, I want 86, I want 95 or I want up to 99, you
can select it from day one. Now let us see how this plan works.
For example, a person is 35 years old and he purchases this policy and
wants to take that income of 99 years in monthly installments, then when will his income start? Today
we are talking about this video. If the year of making the policy is January 2013, then your income
will start coming from February 2023 and in the annual board, the customer has decided to take income,
so he will start getting income from January 2024.
Now let's see this example, there is a 135-year-old person who is ready to pay ₹ 1 lakh
in this policy, he also wants to make premium payment for 10 years and
he wants the policy till 1998, so how will this plan work with him,
how much guaranteed plus bonus income will he get, 37000 per year, that too from the first year
and he will keep getting this 37000 for his lifetime and at the age of 99, he
will also get a maturity of 1.35 crore together
, so how much did the customer invest, 10 lakh and how much did the customer get back,
1.59 crore, his insurance cover was also there from the first day when he was paying the premium, then
he was also getting tax benefit under the Income Tax Section ATC and when he got this
income of 37000 every year It was coming tax free.
Now what is the premium payment term in the options of immediate income plan?
You can pay premium for 5 years, you can pay premium for 6 years,
you can make premium payment for 7 to 12 years. For the premium payment term of 5 years,
any person from zero to 50 years can take this policy. If you
keep the premium payment for 6 years, then anyone from zero to 55 years can take this policy. And if you
select any one of the 10, 11 or 12 premium payments, then you
can take this policy from zero. How long will the maturity of the policy be? Between 85 to 99,
the customer can select on the first day after how many years he wants the maturity and
the minimum cost to buy this policy is ₹50,000.
We see that in this product, if the customer pays premium for 10 years
and pays premium for 12 years
If it is compared with the other companies in the industry which are competitors of this product,
then how will it be?
So in this computer, let us assume that in the next 35 years,
in the producer good plan of ICICI, how much income do you get from the first search? 37000 How much is the competitor?
₹30000 Terminal bonus in ICICI How much has been the income of
Rs. 1.25 crore in the other companies? In one, it has been Rs. 1 crore 23 lakh and in another,
it has been Rs. 1 crore 32 lakh. But if we compare its error because your income
has been increasing every year, then the error of ICICI will be
if you are getting a lifetime interest of 6.73% by 2023, then
it is excellent because it is tax free and along with insurance cover, there
is also the tax benefit of ATC. So if you fall in the 30% income tax slab, then
you will find this error very good and that too a premium of Rs. 1 lakh for up to 100 years. 35
40ks but here the premium payment has been kept low for seven and eight years, so
even in seven and eight years, you are getting up to 6.62 6.63% interest rate base rate,
in simple language give me the option,
because of this option, the guaranteed income that you have been getting, in it every year after every 5 years,
a booster income will also be added to you, so additional guaranteed income will start coming
every 5 years and the maturity of the policy works in 86 and continue 99 way,
so let us see that the customer is 35 years ahead, he is taking the policy for 99 years
and he also takes the booster policy, if he
wants to take the immediate income in monthly mode, then the income will start from February 2023,
now let us see by example that this customer is 35 years old, pays premium for 10 years,
so he was getting a guaranteed income of 37000, that will come but after every 5 years he
12500 as booster every year
at a gap of every 5 years and maturity 1 crore 99 lakhs
and in this case at what premium did the customer pay 10 lakh rupees how much will the customer
get Rs. 1.25 crore tax free with insurance cover
this product has entries from zero to 50, if you
keep 67 premium payment then you will get 60 maximum entry in it, you
can also take this policy for 60 years and the policy term was 85-99
minimum premium 15000 now let us understand with an example that if
a person takes online policy, his age is 35 years, he
selects premium payment 10 and 12, then what will be the income in the first year 7500
will get 31000 out of 37000 41000 out of 5 years premium payment will be 8250 you will get booster
of ₹9500 if you pay premium for 8 years, pay premium for 10 years then How much extra will you get with booster
income every year? You can get extra guaranteed
income of Rs. 12,500 and Rs. 13,250 after every 5 years. If you reduce the premium payment
for 12 years, then how much will you get as terminal benefit, that is, bonus at one time.
In the seventh pay, you
will get a one-time benefit of Rs. 77,00,000 for Rs. 73 lakhs. You
will get bonus for 12 years. So the customer will get a total benefit time of Rs. 99 lakhs
on increasing it by 7 years, Rs. 1 crore 24 lakhs on increasing it by 10 years and Rs. 1 crore
59 lakhs on increasing it by 12 years. If you see, this policy will have
a return of 6.46 to 6.60%.
Now let's see, the next point is the income, the third point,
what will it be, the income that you are starting to take, you
don't need it, I need income after a few years, I don't need it now, but I
need a little more income
[Music] I need income after 2 years, I need it after one year,
I need it after 5 years If you want it after 10 years,
you will get income after 13 years
[Music]
You can select between 100 and 100. Let's
see from the example that the customer development
will start from January 2025. If the customer decides that he wants monthly income, then
when will his income start? From February 2024. If he
purchases the policy for 2 years in January 2023,
in annual war, he will get income from January 2000 26. He will start getting income from February 2025.
Now
the customer has to make premium payment term plus
10 years, if he adds one more year, then his income will start from 11 years. In this date
case, the customer will get income from January 2035. If it is annual mode and monthly mode, then
income will start from February 2014. For 10 years, the customer's age is 35 years
and he selects,
so now you see,
now let's see from the example Let us assume that a person of 35 years of age takes ₹1 lakh
as premium payment and selects income for term plus one i.e. 10 years plus one i.e. 11 years
, then his income will not be Rs.37,000 but Rs.12,000
1.02 lakh every year and they will start getting it. Life time upto 100 years and maturity
will be available
. Insurance cover will be available on the first day. Customer's total will increase by 10 lakhs. Customer
will get back ₹1 crore.
Now you can see here that as the development plate is built, customer's income
which comes together with a lump sum, increases by 8 to 10% every year. Suppose a customer
does not take any daffodi, then for how long will he get income? If he
starts taking income after one year, then it is 40500, after 2 years it is 4400 and if he takes it after three years it
is 48750. If he takes it after 8 years, then it is 77000. If he takes it after 11 years, then it
is 1 lakh 2000. So you can see from 37000 to 12000, in what way you can increase your
income. If you want immediate income, then start taking it accordingly. If you
can wait for a year, then 1 You can decide to get an income of Rs. 2000 lakhs every year. Now
how will the premium payment be in this policy, if the premium payment is for seven years, then the entry of the customer
is from hero to 50 years. If it is for 8 years, then any person from zero to 55 years
can take it. If you select any of these premium payment of 9, 10, 11, 12,
then any person from zero to 60 years can take your
policy. The minimum premium is Rs. 859, then the minimum premium is Rs. 50 thousand.
Now if its strength comes out in comparison to competitors, if the premium
payment term is 10 years,
if you select Rs. 1 lakh policy, then in ICICI
you will get Rs. 1 lakh in premium payment term plus one. Competitor 1
is giving Rs. 200989000. Competitor 1 is giving Rs. 133 lakh. Competitor 2 is giving Rs. 23 lakh. So
in ICICI you will get Rs. 1 crore in total benefit.
Well friend if Android
works like a wallet for you, how
can you use that wallet so that the income that you get every year, you can accumulate it instead of taking it every year, you
can deposit it in the wallet, you can
withdraw a little of it from the wallet which is accumulated at once, you can withdraw it completely at once and if
you want to offset the premium, you can do that in getting the premium offset of the feature,
like how can we see it as an example
that there is a 35 year old person and he selects this option where
he was getting income every month, he decided that now he
wants to deposit it in the wallet, so what will happen now, you will see that
his income is getting accumulated every year in the wallet, it is not getting withdrawn, every year income
is getting accumulated in his wallet and when he will need it, he can either get the premium of the future settled
or he can also withdraw it, like here as an example see that
at the age of 45 and 46 a 35 year old person 11 And if the premium is 12, he wants to pay from this wallet,
then he can pay from the wallet as well and the rest of the income after that
will come to them for lifetime, they will get maturity as well as live mutual,
this option option, this premium payment will be available only for 12 years, if
the premium payment is less than this, then this option is not available and
you can take this option in all three, you can also take it in the immediate income option, you can
also take the booster option in the print option,
if it is daffodi then 5 years rafaleman period will be less than this, then you
can select this option, you do your illustration work, first of all
we are taking the illustration of immediate income, we have immediate income supports of
the customer, let me tell you like this,
subscribe to Anil Rajput Triple X YouTube channel, this is the name of the customer which
is the name of my YouTube channel, I take customer care is 35 years and
how does that illustration happen that a customer makes a premium payment of ₹ 1 lakh And he
pays premium for 12 years, in this case what will be the benefits to the customer, let's see,
you have to pay premium from one to 12 years, above you
will see guaranteed benefit written, which will be how much will be the guaranteed income from the first year,
13250 and the bonus that you get, if the bonus is 8%,
then
if you add 27750750, then the income will be 48000,
you will get an income of 48000 every year, which will come for 100 and in the end if
the company gives a bonus of 8%, then you
get 1 crore 70 lakh 63823, so you
will see the maturity here, in between if death occurs, then you
can see the amount of death at that time in the column of death, in the column of date benefit, which you will
see in column number 17, so how much immediate income will you get from 48000 to the end
maturity is coming now Example of Immediate Income with Booster: Let's see the example of Immediate Income with Booster
How will it be in the policy, the same example is kept, the premium payment is kept for 12 years and
the annual premium of ₹1 lakh has to be paid, so look here on the left hand side,
you are paying one lakh rupees for 12 years, ₹13250 was already coming to you, but
after every 5 years you will see that you will see an extra income of 13250,
after every 5 years you will see a 13250 booster, so here the income of 48000 has been coming,
after every 5 years something will open,
250 will be seen, the policy
will also reach a maturity of 3785 lakh, so
in this way you can see, now let's see the third option, the daffodi income
option, here I
have taken the tree and the time, I will tell you how I
have taken it in the policy list that I gave a development of 10 years, that is, my
income started coming after 10 years, that is, it will start from the 11th year, so how much income
will come from 11 years now Instead of 13000, you will get 33512 and 47
will be the bonus amount
.
47250 if the bonus comes at 4% or 8%, then you
will get an income of 97500. So you can see how you will get this bonus every year.
Here you see cashback of 64000, so if you add 33500 plus 64000, you will
see 97500, so you will get an income of 97500. Now initially you
were getting an income of 48000 in the immediate term, but here in the difference, you will get an income of 97500
for lifetime and you will also get maturity, that too will be almost the same for you.
You have three excellent options of 465.
You can get income from the first month to the first year.
You can save and accumulate the income according to your need.
In this plan, you are getting guaranteed income as well as bonus. These are also
coming for whole life, income tax benefit is also available, you can deposit the parcel money and
take out the parcel together, you can also take out the parcel together, you
can also offset the premium, if I summarize it, then this is an excellent product, it
is a unique product in the industry, which gives you income from the first month till 100 years, gives
guaranteed income, gives bonus,
gives you facilities to accumulate income, gives you
facilities to settle for free, gives you tax benefit in section ATC of income tax,
you get tax free income in section 10 of income tax,
your insurance cover remains for 16 years, so in this way it is a very unit product,
if you want to purchase it, then my mobile number is
990940, my name is Anil Rajpurohit, definitely purchase it and if you like the video, then
definitely like, share and subscribe, thank you,
to subscribe the channel, go to YouTube, in the search button of YouTube you can take
Anil Rajbhar Triple FS. Family First Financial Services, my picture will appear there,
click on it and you can go there and subscribe,
here by clicking on the video, you can also watch all my other videos
which will help you a lot, please like, subscribe,
share and thank you.